	I'm glad we got to write a critique of the MSU homepage because since returning to MSU I have been impressed with the design of the site and the fact that it's really user friendly. At my current job working at the Student Services building we also manage and develop similar MSU pages for different departments we service which gives me some inside knowledge of the workings of certain MSU pages. Also I think the site has come a long way and I can say this from experience. My first experience with the site was back in 2001 when I was attending MSU after graduating high school and it was much more difficult to navigate academic programs and courses, among other things. To be honest I really don’t have anything bad to say about the site or its workings. But seeing as this is a Big Ten university I wouldn’t expect anything less of a finished product.
	One of the things I really like about the initial page is the navigation and content. The gray tabs across the top of the homepage really break down the other main areas of the site quite well and the drop-down menus are much easier to use. The links below that which are for the different groups of people who would most likely be using the site (students, faculty & staff, visitors, etc.) is a nice addition as well. I also really like that they are constantly adding new pictures and animations of up and coming events or big projects the university is working on. They have also taken into account the popularity of social media added links to the respective MSU social media pages. However, the icons are pretty small and are seated at the very bottom of the page. It’s also neat that they post certain comments that students make on Twitter of Facebook on the MSU homepage. 
	Lastly, I really like that they have a separate link at the top of the page for finding staff/students and a link to numerous different maps and building locations. Of all the options for viewing maps the interactive one is by far the easiest to use and navigate. While I didn’t really have any negative comments I'm sure if I spent enough time going over the entire site that drawbacks would exist just like any other site. But in my personal opinion I think the site is great and I’m proud to be a staff member and student of Michigan State University.  

	
	





